[WIP] Class for user defined product formulas, and BCH expansion (#7224)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  [(#7471)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7471)

> * New functionality for product formulas in the `trotter_error` module.
> 
>     * :class:`ProductFormula <pennylane.labs.trotter_error.ProductFormula` allows users to create custom product formulas.
>     * :func:`bch_expansion <pennylane.labs.trotter_error.bch_expansion` computes the BCH expansion of a product formula.
>     * :func:`effective_hamiltonian <pennylane.labs.trotter_error.effective_hamiltonian` computes the effective Hamiltonian of a product formula.
> 
>   [(#7224)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7224)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New functionality is added to create and manipulate product formulas in the `trotter_error` module.
  [(#7224)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7224)
 
    * :class:`ProductFormula <pennylane.labs.trotter_error.ProductFormula` allows users to create custom product formulas.
    * :func:`bch_expansion <pennylane.labs.trotter_error.bch_expansion` computes the Baker-Campbell-Hausdorff  expansion of a product formula.
    * :func:`effective_hamiltonian <pennylane.labs.trotter_error.effective_hamiltonian` computes the effective Hamiltonian of a product formula.
```
